in this video I'll be comparing six
different HD action cams in two
different form factor categories first
we have the möbius type form factor and
then we have the GoPro type form factor
for the Mobius type we of course have
the Mobius the runcam HD and the HD tube
cam now to avoid wasting time I'll just
come right out and say the HD tube is a
water stick I wouldn't pay more than $25
for it the video is way over sharpened
and that nmuk range and colors just suck
to compare the rest of the cameras
mounted them on to the POV of vibration
isolator which is not mounted to the
twin cargo plane
the first thing I noticed is that the
runcam has very saturated colors and a
warmer image kind of like a GoPro Hero
one did
if we zoom in closer you can tell but
runcam also has a more sharpening which
is not necessarily a good thing
with my tests it seems the mobius hangs
on to highlight detail a little better
and that runcam has a little more shadow
detail this basically just means their
own cams exposure is a bit brighter now
the thing is all these parameters I just
compared can be adjusted if you plug the
camera into the computer so if you spent
some time on it you could probably
adjust things to get both images looking
nearly identical with that being said
I'd probably just go with whatever
camera was cheaper there is one
additional benefit to the run cam and
that's that it comes with an AV out
cable for fpv now I'll be comparing the
Xiaomi Yi and the turnigy HD action cam
the yi has much warmer colors like the
hero one did now it looks like the
action cams colors are a bit cooler than
accurate the action cam definitely has a
lot more digital sharpen resulting in a
much grainier image the YZ image looks
like it is just higher quality overall
it definitely has a higher dynamic range
and more accurate colors however it is
not very sharp at all the lens is
focused to about 3 feet making anything
in the distance blurry this can be
modified as I'll show later it also
shoots in 1080 at 60 frames a second
which is nice
the downside to this camera is that it
does not come with a waterproof case but
the turnigy HD action cam does here's a
comparison to the hero4 black shooting
at 4k 30 frames a second the black is
obviously much wider than either and has
the most accurate colors it's loads
sharper because of the 4k but it also
looks like the optics are much better
this is expected though as it costs more
than four times as much the dynamic
range is much better as well
you
going back to the e versus the HD action
cam the e definitely wins for image for
the action cam wins for accessories it
has a built-in LCD screen which makes
changing settings and framing the shot
really easy the e has nothing but
changing colors and blinking lights
which can be really annoying
this is before I modified the focus on
the EE
you can see the tree is sharp and the
trees in the distance are dull to change
it you have to pry off the cover and
rotate the lens to the right a little
bit here's the before and after I hope
that comparison helps thanks for
watching bye